Then you woman will be shameless
You ran away to the savages and went back to rob me
It is. It is.
This woman is delusional
I'm not fighting for myself
I'm fighting for the kids.
Tingting Tingting is Zhao Yang's flesh and blood
Then Zhao Yang's inheritance should be given to Tingting
Tingting is a girl after all
The property of our old Zhao family
Can't fall into the hands of outsiders
So my brother's property
It's all because of our Zhao family
What is it?
Anyway, I am Zhao Yang's legal wife
These properties are mine
Wherever you go, the house belongs to children
I'm telling you, you're both aliens
My brother's house and property belong to our Zhang family
Just one is from our Zhang family
This kind?
Hahaha